COMPUTE-1430: Add more supported instances to --instance-type-help (#1485)
dnanexus/dx-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> * New instances to `dx run --instance-type-help` to correspond [official docs](https://documentation.dnanexus.com/developer/api/running-analyses/instance-types)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New instance types in `dx run --instance-type-help` corresponding to the [official docs](https://documentation.dnanexus.com/developer/api/running-analyses/instance-types)
```

Author: fixed
